docs: consolidate identity schema docs (#924)
ory/docs: docs/guides/manage-identities/35_best-practices.mdx

---
id: best-practices
title: Best practices
---

## Sensitive data in Identity schema

:::warning

The Identity schema isn't a place to store sensitive information that should not be visible to the end-user.

:::

The Identity Schema isn't the right place to store data that should be obfuscated from the user. Users can see traits and other

> data - except credentials - using the `sessions/whoami` endpoint. Users are also able to edit identity traits. Visit
> [this issue](https://github.com/ory/kratos/issues/47) for information on a feature that can be configured to prevent the end-user
> from viewing/editing identity traits.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
data - except credentials - using the `sessions/whoami` endpoint. Users are also able to edit identity traits. Visit
[this document](https://www.ory.sh/docs/guides/manage-identities/managing-users-identities-metadata) for information how to use
metadata that can not be viewed or changed by the end-user.
```
